Californium (Cf) CoAP framework
Toggle navigation
Californium (Cf)
About
Sources
Getting Started
Tools
Learn more
iot.eclipse.org
CoAP in Java.
Californium is a powerful CoAP framework targetting back-end services communicating with smaller Internet of Things devices. Stronger Internet of Things devices may use Californium also. It provides a convenient API for RESTful Web services that support all of CoAP's features.
Perfect for IoT cloud services.
Californium has an extremely scalable architecture and outperforms high-performance HTTP servers. CoAP's low overhead allows to handle millions of IoT devices with a single service instance. The flexible concurrency model allows to implement whatever is best for your application.
Standards compliant.
Californium has been running code for the IETF and is passing all ETSI Plugtest test specifications.
Californium (Cf) core
The project is divided into five sub-projects. The Californium (Cf) core provides the central framework with the protocol implementation to build your Internet of Things applications. This repository also includes example projects to get you started. All Californium sources are hosted on GitHub, so you can easily contribute through pull requests.
Californium (Cf) is dual-licensed under EPL and EDL. The latter is a BSD-like license, which means the Cf CoAP framework can be used together with proprietary code to implement your IoT product!
Cf is available in Maven Central and very easy to consume in your Java project. We have got your back covered from OSGi wrapper to HTTP-CoAP cross-proxy to advanced test suites that have been used at the ETSI Plugtests.
Repository »
Scandium (Sc)
The Scandium (Sc) sub-project provides security for Californium. It implements DTLS 1.2 to secure your application through ECC with pre-shared keys, certificates, or raw public keys.
Repository »
Actinium (Ac)
Actinium (Ac) is the app-server for Californium to realize IoT mashups! Your JavaScript apps become available as RESTful resources and can directly talk to IoT devices using our CoapRequest object API.
Repository »
CoAP tools
This repository provides CoAP tools that also serve as examples. Use CoAPBench to benchmark your CoAP solutions or simply use our cf-client to interact with your devices from the command line.
Repository »
Connector
The element-connector abstracts from the different transports CoAP can use. It provides the basic UDPConnector as well as the interface to implement new connectors like the DtlsConnector of Scandium.
Repository »
Getting started.
Take the tutorial.
The Internet of Things if growing, but how can you build your own connected objects? Together with MQTT, CoAP is one of the popular IoT protocols. It provides answers to the typical IoT constraints: it is bandwidth efficient and fits in constrained embedded environment while providing friendly and discoverable RESTful API.
More tools.
Get the full CoAP experience.
The Copper (Cu) CoAP user-agent is an add-on for the Firefox Web browser. It allows browsing, bookmarking, and direct interaction with CoAP resources. Simply enter a CoAP URI into the address bar. To get started you can test the following CoAP sandboxes:
coap://californium.eclipse.org/
coap://vs0.inf.ethz.ch/
coap://coap.me/
Check
coap.technology
for more material.
Eclipse Foundation
About us
Contact Us
Donate
Governance
Logo and Artwork
Board of Directors
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright Agent
Eclipse Public License
Legal Resources
Useful Links
Report a Bug
Documentation
How to Contribute
Mailing Lists
Forums
Marketplace
Other
IDE and Tools
Community of Projects
Working Groups
Copyright © 2014 The Eclipse Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
