AGILE IoT Community website – Adaptive Gateways for dIverse muLtiple Environments
Home
About
Partners
Blog
Resources
Deliverables
Flyers & Posters
For Developer
Getting Started
Newsletters
Presentations
Press Releases
Scientific Papers
Videos
Wiki
Events
Calls
Crowdfunding
Open Call #1
Open Call #2
Menu
Feel free... in your IoT
Feel free to...
Code with the language you love
Feel free to...
Interact with the cloud you trust
Feel free to...
Connect and use the device you built
Feel free to...
Shorten your time-to-market
Feel free to...
Do business with Open Source
We value freedom
* 100% technology agnostic
* 100% open source
* 100% open for business
* 100% AGILE-IoT
About AGILE
AGILE (: an Adaptive & Modular Gateway for the IoT) is a modular hardware and software gateway for the Internet of Things with support for protocol interoperability, device and data management, IoT apps execution, and external Cloud communication, featuring diverse pilot activities, Open Calls & Community building.
Read more...
FEATURES
Custom Connectivity
Add the networking modules you need for connecting and controlling your favorite IoT devices. WiFi, BLE, ZigBee, ZWave, LoRa, RF and more modules are supported.
Device and Data Management
Manage your connected devices and your IoT Data locally.
Create and Run
IoT Apps
Use a visual environment to create your own IoT Apps. Get Apps from an open IoT Marketplace, become a developer and share Apps.
External Cloud Connectivity
Privacy by Design: Select when and what Cloud to use for storing/sharing your data, running your apps in scale.
RECENT NEWS
Our new video is online
Project has delivered exceptional results with significant immediate or potential impact !
The “Port Area Monitoring for Public Safety” pilot explained
The “Retail” pilot explained
The AGILE IoT Gateway Recommenders
Our new video is online
Project has delivered exceptional results with significant immediate or potential impact !
The “Port Area Monitoring for Public Safety” pilot explained
The “Retail” pilot explained
The AGILE IoT Gateway Recommenders
Twitter
RSS Feed Widget
Upcoming Events
Share this:
Email
Tweet
Part of @IoT-EPI to form a vibrant IoT ecosystem
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
document.body.className = document.body.className.replace("siteorigin-panels-before-js","");
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok
