Eclipse KUKSA
eclipseFdnVideos.replace();
Contact us on
kuksa-dev@eclipse.org
Eclipse KUKSA - go to homepage
Toggle Navigation
Home
About
Blog
Forum
Contributing
Resources
PMI Community
Eclipse KUKSA
is based on
Why are we building
Eclipse KUKSA
When Dreams come True
Security
Automotive
Stay in touch!
@Appstacle
About
Because today's software-intensive automotive systems are still developed in silos by each car manufacturer or OEM in-house, long-term challenges in the industry are yet unresolved. Establishing a standard for car-to-cloud scenarios significantly improves comprehensive domain-related development activities and opens the market to external applications, service provider, and the use of open source software wherever possible without compromising security. Connectivity, OTA maintenance, automated driving, electric mobility, and related approaches increasingly demand technical innovations applicable across automotive players.
The open and secure Eclipse Kuksa project will contain a cloud platform that interconnects a wide range of vehicles to the cloud via in-car and internet connections. This platform will be supported by an integrated open source software development environment including technologies to cope especially with software challenges for vehicles designed in the IoT, Cloud, and digital era.
Continue reading
Our latest news
Read more
Using Eclipse Kuksa for Connected Vehicle Services [Video]
on January 21, 2020
EclipseCon Europe 2019 Presentation: Using Eclipse Kuksa for Connected Vehicle Services … is presented by project comitters and contributers at the EclispeCon Europe 2019: EclipseCon Europe 2019 Interview: APPSTACLE & Eclilpse Kuksa
Continue reading
Read more
Kuksa IDE [Video]
on December 20, 2019
Kuksa IDE Video published ITEA Article on 0.1.0 Release ITEA published a news article on Kuksa 0.1.0 at https://itea3.org/news/itea-appstacle-project-announces-eclipse-kuksa-platform-for-car-to-car-to-cloud.html Kuksa 0.2.0 Release postponed to January 2020 Since minor organizational matters are still ongoing, we need to postpone Eclipse Kuksa 0.2.0 release to January 2020. Stay tuned!
Continue reading
Read more
Kuksa IDE VSCE now available
on December 13, 2019
Kuksa IDE Extension published to Visual Studio Code Marketplace Today, the Eclipse Kuksa team successfully published the latest Kuksa.IDE-VSCE at the Visual Studio Code marketplace. This Visual Studio Code Extension (VSCE) provides several commands to ease application development, docker image generation, and the transmission to an existing Eclipse Kuksa Appstore. More information can be found here. Download the Eclipse Kuksa IDE VSCE at the official VSCode marketplace now for free.
Continue reading
Read more
Developer Questionnaire
on December 11, 2019
Help us with your feedback to further develop Eclipse Kuksa .. … take a few moments as a developer to give us feedback from our ecosystem: In-Vehicle, Cloud, and IDE via https://forms.gle/XbhaugGQexb4pexi9 Thank you!
Continue reading
Our Partners
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright Agent
Eclipse Public License
Legal Resources
Eclipse Security
Eclipse Kuksa
has its origins in the
APPSTACLE project
that is part of the European ITEA3 programme
Copyright © 2019
The Eclipse Foundation
.
All Rights Reserved.
Template by
Bootstrapious
.
Ported to Hugo by
DevCows
