Eclipse Wakaama
Toggle navigation
Overview
Getting started
Learn more
OMA Lightweight M2M C implementation designed to be portable on POSIX compliant systems
What is LWM2M?
OMA Lightweight M2M is a protocol from the Open Mobile Alliance for M2M or IoT device management.
On top of CoAP
UDP and SMS transport layer support
Simple Object based resource model
DTLS based security
Contact
A problem? A missing feature? An idea? Contact the community.
Mailing list
Bug tracker
Security Vulnerabilities
What is Eclipse Wakaama?
Wakaama is not a library but files to be built with an application. It is written in C and designed to be portable on POSIX compliant systems.
Two compilation switches are used: LWM2M_CLIENT_MODE and LWM2M_SERVER_MODE. Defining LWM2M_CLIENT_MODE enables the LWM2M Client interfaces. Defining LWM2M_SERVER_MODE enables the LWM2M Server interfaces. Both can be defined at the same time.
Wakaama is mono-threaded. An application can call a HandlePacket API to feed Wakaama with received LWM2M packets and a Step API to perform any pending LWM2M operations.
Wakaama provides APIs for a server application to send commands to registered LWM2M Clients. On client applications, Wakaama checks received commands for syntax and access rights and then dispatches them to the relevant objects.
Licenses:
Eclipse Distribution License 1.0 (BSD)
Eclipse Public License 2.0
Main companies supporting this project over the last three months.
Getting started
Follow the examples
Get the code by cloning the repository. Wakaama provides sample clients and server in its 'examples' directory. To try them just launch 'cmake' in any of its subdirectories then 'make'. You can find detailled instructions in the README at the root of the repository. You can try the wakaama sample client with the [Leshan Sandbox] by running:
"./lwm2mclient -4 -h leshan.eclipse.org"
Source Code & Examples
Learn more
Eclipse Leshan
Leshan provides libraries that help people develop their own Lightweight M2M server and client
Website
Source Code
Leshan & Wakaama in action
Eclipse Foundation
About us
Contact Us
Donate
Governance
Logo and Artwork
Board of Directors
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright Agent
Eclipse Public License
Legal Resources
Useful Links
Report a Bug
How to Contribute
Mailing Lists
Other
IDE and Tools
Community of Projects
Working Groups
Copyright © 2015 The Eclipse Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
